26.06.2025: OMR Project Codebase Shared and Setup (No Transfer of Knowledge)

02.07.2025: Working on OMR from Scratch
            1. Codebase Setup
            2. Anchor Detection Successfull
            3. Referring to Option from Anchor1 Successfull.
            4. Option Detection Successfull (need to work on the output JSON Format)
            Suggestions:
            1. Working on the Test Series OMR Format (Test01 Folder, I was testing on the BE23 Series)
            2. Find a Buffer for Option Detection.
            3. Discussed on approaching the Resgistration Number type columns (Vertical Columns) Row-wise.
            Special Request:
            1. Store the Anchor Centres of the OMR as a CSV

03.07.2025: Working on Extracting Option Marked by Candidate
            1. Option Detection upgraded for False Detections (still a PAINPOINT exists for option_marked !=1)
            2. CSV for Anchor Centres generated
            3. Output JSON Format structured as well as a CSV being generated.
            Suggestions:
            1. Find a Buffer (not yet successfull as the whole sheet has not been annotated yet)
            2. Store the mean intensity for each option (previously stored just the min_mean_intensity i.e. the marked option)
07.07.2025: Working on Thresholding
            1. Finding the Buffer Threshold
                a. Hence, storing the intensity values for every option (wheather marked or unmarked)
            2. Annotation Updates:
                a. Annotation was done for only 10 questions and its options.
                b. Now, the annotation was given to Wrishav for annotating the whole Sheet.
            Suggestions:
            1. Column wise marking for finding the values for "Resgistration Number", "Roll Number" and "QB Number"

PHYSICAL MEETINGS
09.07.2025: Working on Thresholding
            1. Annotation Updates:
                a. Wrishav had already provided the annotations for Registration Number and 10 Questions.
                b. Annotation for 50 questions was received just before the meeting
            2. Demonstation of the project was shown to everyone starting from: 
                a. Annotation using LabelImg
                b. Directory structure
                c. Saving formats
            3. Insights were discussed upon the Edge Cases with Rohit da
            4. A small Demonstation of the current software was also shown.
                a. The software fails when the spacing is uneven (10×10 demonstation)
                b. Hence, by Pradeep Sir, it was SUGGESTED that we annotate every item manually instead of Copy Pasting.
            5. Wrishav showed the results for all 40 Questions
            Objective for the Next Metting:
            1. In this meeting, a crucial point was in extracting the HANDWRITTEN SUBJECTS (Registration, Roll and QB)
                a. More Preference is given to Handwritting as compared to OMR Markings
            2. A slight suggestion from sir to superimpose the output results (questions and all) on an image to strealime the visualisation instead of Split Screen Mapping
            3. Next meeting will be totally focussed upon Handwritten Values extraction as we are at a good stage in extracting the markings
10.07.2025: Working on Handwritten Value Extraction
            1. OCR, ICR were tested by me. Result: Both FAILED miserably
            2. VLM was tried by Wrishv. Result: Extraction was on point for Registration Number (as it was manually cropped and tested on 1 field: 100% Accuracy)
            3. Streamlined for Result visualisation
            TO DO:
            1. Update the Pipeline to now store the Images for the Handwritten Values (present inside "annotate_<series>/OMR)
            2. Will make the Streamlined view more sothing to the eyes.
            Next Meeting:
            1. Demonstation to Leadership

